today it was a historic day a holy day
maybe even in a holy day as his holiness
met his big leanness at the Vatican
today President Trump happened to be in
Italy so we stopped by to say hello to
Pope Francis and went well there are no
major incidents Trump helped bring it
home at the Vatican he said it reminded
him of one of the bathrooms of this
house and the Pope made it clear that he
would like our president to join him in
promoting peace giving aid to the poor
and protecting our environment the Pope
was very persuasive
unfortunately Trump is only in year 70
of his 100-year deal with the devil
right now and he's got a no trade clause
very likely he was flicked in but you
know when you see Pope Francis with a
world leader and he meets a lot of them
it's easy to read into it he doesn't
have much of a poker face I guess but
here he is with German Chancellor Angela
Merkel a happy here he is with President
Putin not too thrilled seen with
President Obama lapping it up and
finally and here he is with the top
it looks it looks less like a meeting
more like the Trump family passed away
and they don't know it yet when the
president Pope we're together roll that
clip it's interesting because you know
professional issues decide on a personal
level meaning the Pope was a big deal
for Donald Trump and we've seen how
things have been going to clean him and
Melania lately so when Trump reached out
I know I know we have to be disappointed
that Pope wouldn't hold his hand either
poor guy he just wants to be loved you
just want to be touched that's all
not only did Trump of the Pope exchange
pleasantries they exchanged gifts at the
Vatican meleave is exchanged give the
Pope gave the president a collection of
writings as well as a medal depicting an
olive branch the symbol of peace and
President Trump gave the pontiff and
make America great again death and
destruction all right you know what
that's annoying so after their meeting
Trump said he would never forget what
the Pope told them and then he
immediately forgot what the Pope told
him but he did this is interesting right
after the meeting he did take some time
to change his banner header on Twitter
this is for real this is what he did
look it out look at how happy is it
looks like he's about to fire the Pope
right or maybe vice versa I know Trump's
meeting with the folk lasted about a
half an hour and while we don't know
much about what was said Fox News was
able to catch a little snippet and
listen closely here because it goes by
quickly the door of the meeting is open
we're now seeing the back of the first
lady in the president and the Pope
standing there together asking our
producer are there any is there any
sound coming from back in television can
we listen in a little bit
and when you saw their let's do it
remember what oh come on not is nothing
sacred some fox news coverage of this
today if you were visiting from another
planet and turned on foxes you really
might not know which of these guys was
the holy one I am listen to all this
slobbering two men who put a great value
on making others feel comfortable and a
great value on their own interpersonal
skills I wonder if they will hug is that
something that you would typically see
in the Vatican I mean I'm just pointing
out the fact that our president is an
affectionate guy I told some very
affectionate this is amazing we're
looking at the leader of the free world
the leader of the Catholic Church who
share so many mutual interests and who
are both believers these are men of God
President Trump is a very friendly
person and when he meets with heads of
state or other presidents often times
they will shake hands and sometimes the
president actually does tend to do I
like to joke and call it a reach-around
what he this sexual harassment at Fox
News is out of control they need to calm
down
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you enjoyed the
video hit subscribe and if you don't
click Subscribe this invisible hamster
will die